[Docs] Update spark ysql doc to add spark yugabytedb dialect (#25963)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/integrations/apache-spark/java-ysql.md

    ```xml
    <dependency>
        <groupId>org.apache.spark</groupId>
        <artifactId>spark-sql_2.12</artifactId>
        <version>3.5.4</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId> com.yugabyte</groupId>
        <artifactId>jdbc-yugabytedb</artifactId>
        <version>42.7.3-yb-1</version>
    </dependency>
    <dependency>
        <groupId>com.yugabyte</groupId>
        <artifactId>spark-yugabytedb-dialect_2.12</artifactId>
        <version>3.5.4-yb-1</version>
    </dependency>
    ```
  

>   To use the JDBC smart driver with spark, `spark-yugabytedb-dialect_2.12` needs to be added as a dependency because of  the `jdbc:yugabytedb:` in the url, the no-op dialect is selected on spark side, limiting the behaviour, for eg. in case of support of array string type data. If the upstream driver is being used, the dialect dependency is not required. More details of the usage are mentioned here: [spark-yugabytedb-dialect](https://github.com/yugabyte/spark-yugabytedb-dialect)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The dependency `spark-yugabytedb-dialect_2.12`  must be added to use the YugabyteDB JDBC Smart driver in your Spark application. This dialect is based on the PostgreSQL dialect and differs only in the url-prefix it handles: `jdbc:yugabytedb:` instead of `jdbc:postgresql:`. This dialect dependency is not required for using the PostgreSQL driver in your Spark application. More details of the usage are mentioned here: [spark-yugabytedb-dialect](https://github.com/yugabyte/spark-yugabytedb-dialect)  
```
